chore(docs): Update README for v1.0.0 (#1865)
apollographql/router: apollo-router/README.md

[<img alt="Apollo Router" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apollographql/space-kit/main/src/illustrations/svgs/satellite1.svg" height="144">](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/)

> The **Apollo Router** is a configurable, high-performance **graph router** written in Rust to run a [federated supergraph](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/) that uses [Apollo Federation 2](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/v2/federation-2/new-in-federation-2).  It is well-tested, regularly benchmarked, includes major features of Apollo Gateway and is able to serve production-scale workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Apollo Router** is a configurable, high-performance **graph router** written in Rust to run a [federated supergraph](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/) that uses [Apollo Federation 2](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/v2/federation-2/new-in-federation-2). It is well-tested, regularly benchmarked, includes major features of Apollo Gateway and serves production-scale workloads.
```
